so the feet what's up with horses what
do you mean
what's their deal well they they very
fast that iPhone some of them they're
very smart they say that if you catch a
jockey he has to grant you three wishes
I would like three jetpacks three yikes
back three yet back ready to that lady
said what is what he got packed yeah
it's the thing you put on your back and
you fly like it yet oh I don't know why
a jacket would give you that how much
would you need to be paid to pose for a
day on someone's lawn where we grow
shall we know close we're close with the
whole jockey outfit on yeah now I would
say about $15,000 would you do it for 12
that sounds good too we have a deal
let's drink to the lawn my neighbors are
gonna be so jealous
Crown Royal they answered all your
ridiculous questions please drink
responsibly